hello youtube today I have another
review for you and as you can see from
the title this is a hollister t-shirt
pick up I got this from the stratford
shopping center next to the olympic park
after i went to see hockey which was
brilliant i also have been see beach
volleyball which office he isn't in the
olympic park and basketball which was
brilliant yeah so i went after there
this is the biggest shopping center in
europe really impressive and the hottest
top sorry the hollister shop is
brilliant although if any of you've been
in there you can sort of relate to this
but you can't see anything but oh well i
still mash to pick out a really nice top
and say it's a very nice shop in there i
have great colors and here it is it's
the Rockpile t 20 pounds it also comes
in other colors so it comes in orange
pink white etc but i went for the blue
one here and 20 pounds it's not bad
pricing obviously it is quite expensive
but not enough for me to go out and get
replica because this is quite a nice
shirt so here's the bag and give you a
bag with a man on it not my choice but
um oh well I have to carry it and here
it is nice and then in the wreck in the
bag it has a check out holster online
facebook hollister then I've got my
receipt here so I should put that in
there so let me just show you these hop
as I say it sir it's the turquoise one
they call the turquoise they call it
turquoise but I think it's quite blue
so here it is very nice color looks
really great goes really well with jeans
particularly and goes quite nicely with
them maroon chinos so as you can see it
says Hollister at the top I'll just show
you this lots of texture that it's a
like sewn on rough texture a bit frayed
on purpose and then we have the bird
which is a different kind of material
it's like really soft a different type
of tip stitching and it's kind of red to
brown color and then here's a different
type of stitching where it says
California and this is just sort of
normal raised stitching so yeah there's
three different types of different
material on the top which already like
makes each thing stand out differently
it's blue on the back there isn't
anything your plane on the back and
inside I've got this in a medium made in
China and there's your pricings if
you're wondering and yeah so that's
about it I just wanted to share this
pick up with you because I know when
people are looking online like I did
first you know on the website you want
to know which one to get and obviously
this doesn't just apply to the blue
color you can see you I Cody here that
this is what all the Rockpile t-shirts
look like you can just imagine it in a
different color yes I'm very happy with
my pick up here at holster and I'll we
definitely be getting some more shirts
from there for the summer they're really
great thanks a lot YouTube
you